Maintain high standards and low expectations. -The Minimalists
Figure out your non-negotiables, and then don’t negotiate. -Dr. Christopher Ryan
Writer’s block is shorthand for ‘this is not a priority.’ -Joshua Fields Millburn
Minimalism brings a balance between too much and too little. -Ryan Nicodemus
There’s always going to be a better version around the corner. And around that corner. And around that corner. Stop worrying about the better version of a material possession and focus on being a better version of yourself—one doesn’t need to buy anything to do that. -The Minimalists
You must first produce sediment in order to pan for gold. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The thing about platitudes is, well, they’re platitudes for a reason: they’re often true. -The Minimalists
You can’t care for others until you first care for yourself. -The Minimalists
The most difficult part of creating a lasting change is deciding to make that change a reality—deciding to take action. -The Minimalists
If something you value is making you unhappy, you may not value that thing as much as you thought. -Ryan Nicodemus
If I’m living just for myself, then I’m not really living at all. -The Minimalists
You don’t need logos to be something. -The Minimalists
Our memories are not in our things. Our memories are in us. -Joshua Fields Millburn
It’s hard to stay a victim when we go out of our way to contribute beyond ourselves in a meaningful way. -The Minimalists
Worry more about impressing yourself than impressing others. -The Minimalists
Sometimes tragedy illuminates the path. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The less we let in, the less we have to let go. -The Minimalists
We must take action if we want to make a change. -The Minimalists
Being unattached to stuff makes our lives hugely flexible. -The Minimalists
When we travel too far from living a deliberate life—when we stop asking difficult questions—we stop feeling fulfilled. -The Minimalists
A ditch is dug one shovelful at a time. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Knowledge is not power; knowledge is potential power. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Scrolling is the new smoking. -The Minimalists
You can’t afford a house unless you can afford to put down 20% on a 10-15-year mortgage. -Ryan Nicodemus
Don’t be burdened by other people’s burdens. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If something is too precious, you’re probably holding onto it too tightly. -The Minimalists
If you follow your heart, you can lose only once; if you don’t follow your heart, you may lose a thousand times. -The Minimalists
Chunk large goals into small goals to motivate yourself with more victories. -The Minimalists
Renting is not throwing away money: you’re paying for extra time so you can purchase a home the right way. -Chris Hogan
Always leave room to exhale after each inhale. -The Minimalists
We rarely use our just-in-case items—they sit there, take up space, get in the way, weigh us down. -The Minimalists
Family is not determined simply by bloodlines. -The Minimalists
Ask not what you can get—ask what you can give. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Lower your expectations, but raise your standards. -Joshua Fields Millburn
A person that doesn’t doubt, doesn’t think. -Erwin McManus
The easiest things are usually the least meaningful things. -The Minimalists
Don’t let others’ opinions make you think less of yourself—get those people out of your life. -Ryan Nicodemus
It’s okay to have some nice stuff, just don’t let your nice stuff have you. -Dave Ramsey
We fail when our definition of ‘success’ is ‘excess.’ -The Minimalists
Success and happiness are byproducts of living a meaningful life. -Ryan Nicodemus
Physical clutter is tantamount to visual noise, and sustained noise is crazy-making—it leads to tension, stress, and despair. -The Minimalists
If you follow someone else’s recipe, you will bake the same cake—but you might not enjoy the taste. -Joshua Fields Millburn
When we live deliberately, that’s a special kind of freedom. -The Minimalists
Your perspectives shape your worldview; your worldview shapes your life. -Joshua Fields Millburn
A person who blames others for their discontentment will always rely on others for their contentment. -The Minimalists
Trendy looks good today; timeless looks great everyday. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If we jettison life’s superfluous excess, we can find infinite security within ourselves. -The Minimalists
The truth is, you can skip the pursuit of happiness altogether and just be happy. -The Minimalists
Stoicism is not about abolishing emotion; stoicism is about trying to minimize the number of negative emotions and embracing the positive emotions. -William B. Irvine
Saving mementos from failed relationships is like burning down a building and keeping a piece of charred wood from the aftermath. -The Minimalists
Regret informs us about the past; overwhelm informs us about the present; despair informs us about the future. -The Minimalists
Never leave the scene of a good idea without taking action. -Joshua Fields Millburn
There isn’t one damn good reason to not live a deliberate life. -Ryan Nicodemus
If you believe in what you’re doing, it doesn’t feel like work—it feels like service. -Chris Hogan
Possessions can make us happier, but only if we own the right things. -The Minimalists
Be the calm you want to see in the workplace. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Pursuing control will eventually teach you that you have no control. -Ryan Nicodemus
Success is doing what you want, how you want to do it. -Alex Banayan
The best, most loving gift you can give someone is your time and undivided attention. -The Minimalists
We stop feeling like failures when we accept failure as part of the process. -Ryan Nicodemus
We often hold on to things just in case: We don’t let go because we might need something in some far-off, nonexistent, hypothetical future. -The Minimalists
Covering emotions with pleasure is like covering rotting wood with paint. -Ryan Nicodemus
Step slowly to avoid going too far. -The Minimalists
Not taking action sooner is one of the only regrets we should ever have. -The Minimalists
Just because something adds value to your life today doesn’t mean it’ll add value to your life tomorrow. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If you say your life is busy, you’re saying your life is out of your control. -The Minimalists
Ask not what you can get, ask how you can give. -The Minimalists
Judgement is but a mirror that reflects the tastes of the person doing the judging. -The Minimalists
Minimalism is the tool that creates the margin for the things you care most about. -The Minimalists
Sometimes you must take a detour toward a more meaningful life. -The Minimalists
Lean into the experiences you avoid. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Everything great rises from rejection. -Andrew Schulz
Be willing to endure minor pain in the present so you don’t have to endure significant suffering in the future. -The Minimalists
While there’s nothing wrong with owning stuff, new material possessions won’t remove discontent from our lives. -The Minimalists
When you reduce friction you also lose traction. -The Minimalists
One’s true worth is not determined by his or her net worth. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Our treasures have nothing to do with who we are as people. -Ryan Nicodemus
We must make short-term sacrifices if we want to achieve long-term gains. -Rachel Cruze
Minimalism won’t free you from meaningful obligations. -The Minimalists
The well-lived life is a value-driven life. -Ryan Nicodemus
Without doubt there is no faith—there’s just belief. -Erwin McManus
Treats are no longer treats when they become routine. -The Minimalists
Organizing is well-planned hoarding. -The Minimalists
Instead of consuming more, why not create something worthwhile. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Sometimes a person doesn’t realize they’re not that thirsty until they’re drowning. -Ryan Nicodemus
The best way to turn down the volume is to avoid turning it up in the first place. -The Minimalists
Live a life of intention, not a life of obligation. -Erwin McManus
Every princess wants a prince, but so few are willing to kiss the frog to discover him. -T.K. Coleman
If we want our kids to be the best versions of themselves, then we need to be the best versions of ourselves. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Learn out loud—document the journey. -T.K. Coleman
When in doubt, go for a walk. -Ryan Nicodemus
When we learn to enjoy the process of change—then we get to reap all the rewards of change. That is how we grow. -The Minimalists
Instead of telling people ‘no,’ tell them ‘yes’ to what you want to get or give. -The Minimalists
Missing out is letting go in advance. -The Minimalists
The more we detach from things that don’t add value to our lives, the calmer, the freer, and the lighter we feel. -The Minimalists
Real wealth, security, and contentment come not from the trinkets we amass but from how we spend the one life we’ve been given. -The Minimalists
True cost of a thing goes well beyond the price on the pricetag. -The Minimalists
An item that is sentimental for us can be useful for someone else. -The Minimalists
Patience is a choice. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Quality increases with necessary effort. -The Minimalists
Too much of a good thing is a bad thing. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Don’t just have something you’re running from—make sure you also have something you’re running to. -Joshua Fields Millburn
What was essential five years ago may not be essential now, and so we must continually question, adjust, let go. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Self-care and selfish reside on opposite sides of our values. -Joshua Fields Millburn
What you’re doing right now will shape your future far more than your past. -The Minimalists
I focus less on happiness these days, and instead focus on purpose. -Ryan Nicodemus
Money over values is a failed equation. -The Minimalists
An open mind is an asset; a porous mind is a liability. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The more your short-term actions align with your long-term values, the more love and respect you’ll have for yourself. -Ryan Nicodemus
Get rid of the excess that makes life opaque so that everything worthwhile shines through. -The Minimalists
Hate is fear with fangs. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The majority of things we think we need, are only things we want. -The Minimalists
Actions speak louder than pontification. -Ryan Nicodemus
Help people solve problems and the money will follow. -The Minimalists
Obsession is about going deep on something for long, sustained periods of time. -The Minimalists
If you’re passionate about something, and you can’t motivate yourself to take that first step, then your first step is probably too big. -TK Coleman
Pursue conversations where you have no idea what to expect. -T.K. Coleman
It’s not about saying ‘no’ to gifts—it’s about saying ‘yes’ to the right kind of gifts. -The Minimalists
The antidote to impulse isn’t more freedom—it’s self-restraint. -The Minimalists
You can always be right, or you can get along—choose one. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If you try to appease everyone, then you’ll appease no one. -Joshua Fields Millburn
It’s hard to be hateful when you’re grateful. -Chris Hogan
The solution is to create more and consume less—if we spend more time creating, we will spend less time consuming. -The Minimalists
Letting go creates space for what’s truly important. -Ryan Nicodemus
Sometimes we’re afraid to give up what we think we have. -The Minimalists
Limitations breed creativity. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Don’t forsake quality for quantity. -Ryan Nicodemus
Advertisements are propaganda. -The Minimalists
Knowing what lies beyond the landscape propels us toward the horizon. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Everything is 100% off if you don’t buy it. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The view in the rearview mirror is not the horizon. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Even if you can’t make amends to the person that you feel that you’ve wronged, you can start living differently right now. -Nate Green
Debt is a spiritual poison. -Travis Shakespeare
If we want proper results, we must set proper expectations. -The Minimalists
An extraordinary life—a life to be proud of—is a decision. -The Minimalists
Every impulse that arises is a potential pothole on the road to a meaningful life. -The Minimalists
Live your life for you and you can be communicative, you can express yourself, without having to impress others. -The Minimalists
Technology has undoubtedly made our lives better—so much so we wouldn’t want to live without it—so we must find ways to live with it. -The Minimalists
Money doesn’t buy happiness. But neither does poverty. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Money does not buy better habits. -The Minimalists
Growth and contribution: that’s the meaning of life. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Solutions are not binary in an analog world. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Intentionality as an action is more important than minimalism as a concept. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Being intentional and being consistent are the key ingredients for success in anything you do. -Chris Hogan
We can’t maximize life with minimum effort. -Joshua Fields Millburn
It doesn’t matter whose blood someone has in their veins: invest in people who invest in you. -Ryan Nicodemus
Food is nourishment, not entertainment. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You needn’t be a vessel into which others pour their stress and anxiety. -Ryan Nicodemus
Finding a purpose—something to focus your time and energy on—will help you overcome the loneliness that often accompanies isolation. -The Minimalists
Look at being overwhelmed like a flashing yellow light: use caution when saying ‘yes’ to others and tasks. -Ryan Nicodemus
Once we realize who we are and what we’re capable of, we either fix the problems in our lives, or we arrive at a realization that those problems don’t need fixing because we can transcend them—we can play the game of life at another level. -T.K. Coleman
Minimalists buy new possessions carefully. To do so we must ask better questions, like, Will this thing add value to my life? -The Minimalists
More gain, more pain. -The Minimalists
Self-care is taking care of the best version of yourself. -Joshua Fields Millburn
It’s easier to grow if we first visualize, as concretely as possible, what we want to grow into. -Ryan Nicodemus
The past shapes our present, but does not ever equal our future. -Ryan Nicodemus
If you truly value your time, practice saying ‘no.’ -The Minimalists
Find the space where you’re accepted and gradually you’ll accept yourself. -Peter Rollins
Identify your ideal life, then shed that which does not serve your vision. -The Minimalists
As my life changes, that which adds value changes as well. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The best time to create is today. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If you fuel your body, you fuel your brain; if you abuse your body, you abuse your brain. -The Minimalists
The only approval we need is our own. -Ryan Nicodemus
Don’t relegate the responsibility of your consumer purchases to the companies—take that responsibility solely upon yourself. -The Minimalists
The moments of our lives merit our full attention: let’s give our lives the consideration they deserve. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Be present. Be attentive. Just be. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If we want our kids to be the best versions of themselves, then we need to be the best versions of ourselves. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If you loosen your grip, letting go leaves fewer claw marks. -The Minimalists
Sometimes we must walk away to come back. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The advice you most often give is the advice you need to take. -Nate Green
The right investment for somebody could be the wrong investment for everybody else. -Colin Wright
The price of security is insecurity. -The Minimalists
You can’t change the people around you, but you can change the people around you. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Even LeBron James has shown he can’t win alone. -The Minimalists
The best way to live a worthwhile life is simple: continuously grow as an individual and contribute to other people in a meaningful way. -The Minimalists
Distraction is a form of procrastination. -Ryan Nicodemus
Passion is one-half love and one-half obsession. -The Minimalists
Money may be a passenger in the vehicle, but it’s never allowed in the driver’s seat. -The Minimalists
If you feel like your life is cluttered, that’s a clear sign to take action. -The Minimalists
Responsibility is contagious. -The Minimalists
When everyone is looking for more, we can focus on less. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Let go of distractions—make room for intention. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If we let ourselves become consumed by the world’s problems, we don’t take time to identify our own personal problems—which is a problem. -The Minimalists
There are many paths in life; if you choose one that aligns with your values and beliefs, you can’t go wrong. -The Minimalists
If you truly want to succeed, stop competing and start contributing. -Ken Coleman
The most valuable technologies don’t supplant, they supplement. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Create, don’t consume. Be mindful. Get to know yourself. -The Minimalists
Creativity is looking at the same problem in a different way. -Matt D'Avella
An extraordinary life doesn’t just happen: it is constructed, crafted, curated. -The Minimalists
If somebody tells you there’s an absolute correct way to do minimalism, they’re trying to sell you something. -The Minimalists
Food addiction can be as hard to overcome as drug addiction. -The Minimalists
When we give too much meaning to the stuff—when we think it will bring us happiness or contentment—we are setting ourselves up for failure. -The Minimalists
Rarely did a distracted person ever create anything meaningful. -Joshua Feilds Millburn
If you want to get out of debt, then you must accept that it’s not easy, that it takes a lot of hard work, and that it requires a plan. -Ryan Nicodemus
To live intentionally, we must continually ask ourselves, ‘Is this useful? -Joshua Fields Millburn
Being friends with someone whose values don’t align with yours is possible, but it isn’t easy. -Ryan Nicodemus
A strong emotional base is crucial for all relationships. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Before we let go, we should first understand the benefits. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Busy for the sake of busy is, by definition, unfocused, which makes it impossible to discern that which matters most amid the blur. -The Minimalists
This lifetime can contain as many masterpieces as you allow. -The Minimalists
Find your breaking point before you are broken. -The Minimalists
Minimalism is a lifestyle that helps people question what things add value to their lives, it applies to any religion—or no religion at all. -The Minimalists
A congruent life is a well-lived life -Joshua Fields Millburn
Minimalism exposes the beauty beneath the banality. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Don’t go out of your way to support someone and forsake your own meaningful life. -Ryan Nicodemus
Instead of trying to impress everyone with our valuables, let’s focus on impressing upon the world our values. -The Minimalists
Labels are incomplete and limiting—but necessary. -Joshua Fields Millburn
A fairy tale well-told doesn’t make it more true. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You can’t grow unless you give. -The Minimalists
Don’t be fooled by anyone: you are in control of your circumstances; you are in control of you. -The Minimalists
Sometimes you must give up to move up. -Ken Coleman
‘Yes’ is a form of time debt; ‘no’ is a form of time option. -James Clear
Measure success by the emptiness of your calendar because that indicates you’re off doing what you actually want to do. -Ryan Holiday
Trendy and beneficial aren’t always opposites; the question to ask is: How is trendy going to serve your life? -The Minimalists
Minimalists don’t focus on having less; rather, we focus on making room for more. -The Minimalists
Success isn’t measured by ephemera. -Joshua Fields Millburn
A conversation with a friend costs nothing, and can be the most meaningful thing you’ll do today. -The Minimalists
Act as if your future self is watching. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Making progress is more productive than pursuing perfection. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Sometimes we need to get unreasonable relative to the status quo to become reasonable. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Lead by example and be prepared for the many deviations. -Denaye Barahona
Enough is never enough when we have the wrong mindset. -The Minimalists
More isn’t better; only better is better. -The Minimalists
Betting on an employer instead of yourself is playing the odds for disappointment. -Ryan Nicodemus
We can change our lives by making small changes each day. -The Minimalists
Getting everything you want metastasizes into not having what you need. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If you’re not careful with something long enough, it breaks. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Growth and contribution: that’s the meaning of life. -The Minimalists
Courage is birthed from repeated failure. -The Minimalists
It’s quixotic to assume we can use possessions to combat our problem with possessions. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Comfort is the place in which we grow and learn the least. -The Minimalists
Want a better answer? Ask a better question. -The Minimalists
One day: these two words are dangerous because they give us an excuse to shelve important decisions that radically influence our future -The Minimalists
Happiness isn’t the objective—a meaningful life is. -The Minimalists
We don’t let go of the memories when we let go of the stuff. -Joshua Fields Millburn
I am not my stuff; we are more than our possessions. -The Minimalists
You’re in the wrong job if it doesn’t align with the person you want to become. -Ryan Nicodemus
Even though everyone embraces minimalism differently, each path leads to the same place: a life with more time, money, and freedom. -The Minimalists
An extraordinary life—a life to be proud of—is a decision. Not a single decision, but a myriad of little decisions each day. -The Minimalists
Before pursuing a desire, question the desire behind the desire. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Don’t confuse schooling with education. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Easy relationships atrophy; simple relationships grow. -The Minimalists
Each individual has individual needs: what’s appropriate for you may not be appropriate for me. -The Minimalists
Meaningful tasks rarely reside on our to-do list. -The Minimalists
Success in life is when all you really want is what you really need. -The Minimalists
Minimal exercises lead to maximal health. -Ryan Nicodemus
There’s no such thing as the perfect amount of anything. -Ryan Nicodemus
Buy art only if you love it, you have room for it, and you don’t have to go into debt to acquire it. -The Minimalists
A hobby is something you do for pure joy. -The Minimalists
Anything can be a sentimental item if we assign sentimentality to it. -Joshua Fields Millburn
For us to make a major change in our lives, sometimes we must have a major catastrophe—but we shouldn’t have to wait for that moment. -Ryan Nicodemus
Relationships matter. Every relationship—friendship, romantic, or otherwise—is a series of gives and takes. -The Minimalists
Guilt speaks to your actions; shame speaks to your character. -The Minimalists
You don’t have the time to own more. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Showing someone compassion is the best form of support. -Ryan Nicodemus
Moving slowly down the right path will get you there quicker than sprinting behind the herds racing in the wrong direction. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Adding value is the true love language. -The Minimalists
You can demonstrate your love, caring, and affection through daily actions—every day, not just holidays. -The Minimalists
What’s optimal for one person is suboptimal for another person. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Simplification begets intentionality. -The Minimalists
Travel helps you discover what is truly essential in your life. -The Minimalists
Minimalists don’t avoid material possessions; we avoid excess. -The Minimalists
You can always change your direction if you’re unhappy. -The Minimalists
Gift experiences, not stuff. -The Minimalists
It’s time to jettison the trinkets of the past and replace them with something meaningful. -The Minimalists
The more we contribute to our community, the happier we make our community. -The Minimalists
What you do with your money matters more than where it comes from. -Ryan Nicodemus
Most items are obsolete before we buy them. -The Minimalists
Let it go. Change the channel. Turn it off. Unsubscribe. Unfriend. Unfollow. Mute. Block. Walk away. Breathe. -The Minimalists
Quality is perspectival. -The Minimalists
To take back control of our lives we must practice saying ‘no’ more frequently so we can say ‘yes’ to what’s truly important. -The Minimalists
If you wouldn’t beat up a loved one for their past mistakes, don’t beat yourself up for yours. -The Minimalists
The only person you needn’t disappoint is yourself. -Ryan Nicodemus
Obsession is helpful until it’s no longer useful. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You can purchase ephemeral pleasure, but you cannot purchase financial freedom. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Insecurity leads to collecting. -The Minimalists
You’ll never live your best life by living to meet others’ expectations. -Ryan Nicodemus
Attachment is suffering. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Gift-giving is, by definition, transactional. But love is not a transaction. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The best recipe for discontent is to compare our lives to others’ lives. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Hours of productivity mean little without the desired outcome. -Joshua Fields Millburn
People don’t fear failing per se: people fear failing and being alone, failing and being blamed for it. -T.K. Coleman
Clutter is in the eye of the beholder. -The Minimalists
Amid an endless sea of stuff, simplifying our lives keeps us from drowning. -The Minimalists
There’s far more reward in creation than consumption. -The Minimalists
A paintbrush can create a masterpiece. A paintbrush can destroy a masterpiece. An idle paintbrush, however, does nothing at all. -The Minimalists
Consumption isn’t the problem—compulsory consumption is the problem. -The Minimalists
It’s OK to ask others for advice—sometimes it’s great to have a fresh pair of eyes—but remember: it’s you who must live with your decisions. -The Minimalists
Love people and use things, because the opposite never works. -The Minimalists
You cannot get where you’re going without moving from where you are. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You must not only follow your dreams—you must also let your dreams follow you. -T.K. Coleman
When we get rid of our extraneous material possessions, what remains are the things we use every day. -The Minimalists
It all comes down to how each of us maximizes the happiness, meaning, and well-being in the lives of the most number of people. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Fear’s mortal enemy is confidence. -Ryan Nicodemus
We create our own reality. -Ryan Nicodemus
Say ‘yes’ until you have to say ‘no,’ and then say ‘no’ until you have to say ‘yes.’ -Joshua Fields Millburn
Identify your ideal life, then shed that which does not serve your vision. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Experimenting with your curiosity yields far more benefits than finding your passion. -T.K. Coleman
If you want to overcome fear, get lost a little bit. -The Minimalists
Minimalism is a life of well-curated constraints. -The Minimalists
The only thing people dislike more than change is being changed. -Ryan Nicodemus
To demonstrate our values, we must do more than tell—we must show. -The Minimalists
Just start. Letting go gets easier by the day. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Following your passion means pursuing what you believe in past the point of all obstacles. -TK Coleman
No item can make you more or less of a person. -Tara Button
You don’t have to be mean to be honest. -The Minimalists
You must live on the edge of your comfort zone to grow, to learn—to become a new and better version of yourself. -The Minimalists
Criticism highlights a problem; feedback highlights a solution. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Organizing is not nearly as freeing as letting go. -Joshua Fields Millburn
To stay focused, we must first focus on the right things. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Stuff is just stuff. Possessions can be replaced. You cannot. We cannot purchase a meaningful life. We can only live it. One day at a time. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Consistency is far more important than new and improved. -Ryan Nicodemus
If you’re just getting started, say ‘yes’ until you have to say ‘no,’ and then say ‘no’ until you have to say ‘yes.’ -The Minimalists
Now is the time for less. -The Minimalists
Many things are both useful and dangerous. An automobile is useful; an automobile is dangerous. Likewise for nostalgia. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Too often we mistake pleasure for happiness. -Joshua Fields Millburn
We know we don’t need Product X to live a good life (even though we really, really want it). -The Minimalists
If you really want to test your love, ask yourself whether you would start the relationship over again. -Ryan Nicodemus
Don’t worry about catching up with breaking news—it’s already broken. -The Minimalists
Understanding the purpose of decluttering will grant you the leverage you need to keep going. -The Minimalists
Health is perspectival. -Joshua Fields Millburn
I’ve never regretted anything I’ve let go of, but if I ever do, I’ll let go of the regret. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Cleaning is easier for minimalists. -The Minimalists
Change your beliefs, change your life. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Criticism is inevitable—unless you do nothing important with your life. -Joshua Fields Millburn
To build momentum toward large accomplishments, acknowledge and celebrate small victories. -The Minimalists
The fastest way to get where you want to be is by appreciating where you are and respecting yourself for what you’re doing. -T.K. Coleman
Black coffee is a synecdoche for life: when you eliminate excess—what remains is exponentially more delicious, enjoyable, and worthwhile. -The Minimalists
Practice doesn’t pay well, but it always ages well. -Ken Coleman
Judgment is but a mirror that reflects the insecurities of the the person who’s doing the judging. -The Minimalists
It’s okay to have something you want as long as you can afford the true cost. -Ryan Nicodemus
When it comes to saving precious heirlooms for children, avoid the guessing game by asking them what they want. -The Minimalists
However we spend our time—be it surfing Facebook or exercising at the gym—those are our actual priorities. -The Minimalists
You can’t afford to not eat healthy. -The Minimalists
Motion creates emotion. -The Minimalists
The material possessions aren’t the problem; our attachment is the problem. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Learn—then let go. -The Minimalists
The best things in life are, in fact, free. Love. Relationships. Health. Personal growth. Contribution. Six-pack abs. -The Minimalists
Memories exist with or without a physical item in hand. Don’t use nostalgia as an excuse to hoard those physical items. -Ryan Nicodemus
Excess is the birthplace of clutter. -The Minimalists
Binary thinking produces gray-scale rainbows. -The Minimalists
Loosen your grip—massive clutter requires massive amounts of #letgo. -Joshua Fields Millburn
To engage sustainable motivation, you must find the balance between the pain of not taking action and the pleasure of taking action. -The Minimalists
Now is the only time to live in the moment. -The Minimalists
If everything is precious, then nothing is precious. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If you want to get paid to do something, you have to do it like you’re getting paid to do it before you get paid. -T.K. Coleman
Create value, not content. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Feedback builds us up; criticism tears us down. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Do what others do unless you have a good reason not to. -The Minimalists
An idea isn’t power; acting on an idea is power. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Minimalism can help someone fill the void with contribution to their community rather than stuff. -Ryan Nicodemus
Giving is living. -The Minimalists
It doesn’t matter what rules you follow, as long as you’re following rules that fit within your lifestyle. -The Minimalists
Ensure collecting doesn’t interfere with living. -The Minimalists
The only bad meditator is someone who doesn’t meditate. -The Minimalists
If something you value is making you unhappy, you may not value that thing as much as you thought. -The Minimalists
Don’t let your crastination turn pro. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Happiness is not the point; happiness is a beautiful byproduct of striving to live a meaningful life. -The Minimalists
The good life is birthed from great habits. -The Minimalists
Don’t confuse passion with excitement. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Don’t try to make money—try instead to make something that adds so much value that people want to pay for it. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Debt-free is the new American Dream. -Ryan Nicodemus
Don’t give up something until you know what you’re making room for. -Ryan Nicodemus
Every boulder we pick up is a boulder we can set down. -The Minimalists
We often don’t want what we think we want. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Whenever you say ‘yes’ to something unimportant, you’re saying ‘no’ to something important. -The Minimalists
One day: two of the most dangerous words in the English language. -The Minimalists
Money can solve only so many problems. -Ryan Nicodemus
We remember only that which is meaningful, and all the ephemera dissipates into the ether. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Embrace the incompleteness. -The Minimalists
If you’re just driving around without a destination in mind, you’ll never get there. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Let reason guide you, but let emotions inform your decisions. -The Minimalists
Minimalism is not about deprivation; minimalism is about aligning your short-term actions with your long-term values. -The Minimalists
Comfort provides a fertile environment for fear to grow. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Everything you’ve picked up, you can set down. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Whenever you say ‘yes’ to something unimportant, you’re saying ‘no’ to something important. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Every area of life is filled with imperfection, but we needn’t neurose over every flaw. -The Minimalists
Upgrades that place you in debt downgrade your quality of life. -The Minimalists
Sit. Notice. Breathe in. Pause. Breath out. Let go. -The Minimalists
The well-lived life is a value-driven life. -Ryan Nicodemus
When it comes to meditation, one minute counts. -The Minimalists
Don’t use your retirement to fund your emergency. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The most precious material in the world is the desire of the people we desire. -Peter Rollins
Even the best excuse is still an excuse. -The Minimalists
You make your beliefs stronger if you’re willing to question them. -Joshua Fields Millburn
One can differentiate taking a break from procrastination by considering the guilt they feel during downtime. -The Minimalists
The fact is that any of us could die today. Right now. So everything after this moment is a gift. -The Minimalists
Your priorities are what you do each day, the small tasks that move forward the second and minute hands on the clock. -The Minimalists
We’re not born to do one specific thing. -The Minimalists
Minimalism is not unlike a horizon: once you arrive, a new horizon appears. -Joshua Fields Millburn
It doesn’t matter what you let guide you as long as your actions align with your values and beliefs. -The Minimalists
Showing respect is the best way to avoid confrontation. -Ryan Nicodemus
Happiness is ephemeral, but living a meaningful life brings lasting rewards. -The Minimalists
The person who stops you from doing everything you want to do, from being free, who stops you from being healthy, happy & passionate—is you. -The Minimalists
Say ‘no’ to as many things as you can so you can say ‘yes’ to the important things. -Ryan Nicodemus
Forcing yourself to make money from a hobby is a great way to kill your love for that hobby. -The Minimalists
You must be willing to let go of anything to regain everything. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Since it’s impossible to live a life devoid of problems, focus on living a life with better problems. -The Minimalists
You have to stop doing what you’re doing to do something different. -Rachel Cruze
Everyone has eighteen minutes a day for their health. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The more we amass, the more we need our stockpile and the more uncertain we feel. Needing more will always lead to uncertainty and insecurity. -The Minimalists
On a long enough timeline everything is ephemeral. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Advertisements suck. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Ephemeral pleasure often gets in the way of lasting joy. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Social media can enhance your business, but is not the point of your business. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Our material possessions are a physical manifestation of our mental state. -The Minimalists
The best recipe for discontent is being stuck in a career that doesn’t align with your long-term values and beliefs. -Ryan Nicodemus
You’ve won when your dreams have broken through your fears. -The Minimalists
Tolerate. Accept. Respect. Appreciate. -The Minimalists
The more we practice self control, the better we get at it. -Ryan Nicodemus
Less possessions means less things to break and replace, less to buy, and more money saved. -The Minimalists
We are our children’s primary role models. -Ryan Nicodemus
The most important part of a plan is taking action. -Ryan Nicodemus
Intentionality requires more work, more deliberate action, but that’s where all the reward is—an intentional life always tastes best. -The Minimalists
Good businesses make money; great businesses make a difference. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Sometimes you must tear down the boundaries you set for yourself to avoid rotting in your self-imposed prisons. -Joshua Fields Millburn
A six-figure job doesn’t make you successful. There’s nothing wrong with earning money, but the money alone will not make you happy. -The Minimalists
It’s not enough to be busy; the question is—what are we focused on? -The Minimalists
Successes are composed of fragments of failures. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If we give ourselves space, then everything can be awesome. -Matt Nathanson
If you’re not growing, you’re dying. -The Minimalists
Always be willing to reconsider those decisions you’ve made that have helped you grow because they may not continue to help you grow in the future. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The best way to turn down the volume is to avoid turning it up in the first place. -The Minimalists
There is only one honest type of relationship status: It’s Complicated. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Life is about growth and contribution, not perfection. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The measurement of success is not money and things. -The Minimalists
Letting go of control is the best way to regain total control. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Stuff will not make you happy; repeated social engagements with your loved ones will make you happy. -Andrew McAfee
You can’t save money by spending money. -Joshua Fields Millburn
We must let go of everything eventually, so what things will you let weigh you down in the meantime? -Joshua Fields Millburn
If you ask better quality questions, you’re going to get better answers. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The best person to give you any advice on what’s best for you is you. -Ryan Nicodemus
Only make rules for yourself if they help you be a better person. -Ryan Nicodemus
Before using social media, ask yourself: How can I use this tool as little as possible and still add value to the various platforms people love? -The Minimalists
Aspire to be the best version of yourself. -Joshua Fields Millburn
After you’ve temporarily deprived yourself to discover what adds value to your life and what doesn’t, you must move—either literally, figuratively, or both—toward that which adds value. -The Minimalists
A mind is a terrible thing to clutter. -Ryan Nicodemus
Happiness is ephemeral, and if you’re always chasing ephemeral things, then you’re always going to feel the pang of discontent. -The Minimalists
Busy does not mix with anxiety. -The Minimalists
A life of surplus comfort isn’t a life well-lived. -The Minimalists
That which is real often isn’t trendy, and that which is trendy often isn’t real. -The Minimalists
Distraction is a form of procrastination. -The Minimalists
Earning money is more important than saving money. -Chris Guillebeau
Start small with a new habit even if you start with a small failure. -Ryan Nicodemus
Sometimes we must remove ourselves from the chaos so we can re-enter more deliberately. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Does your love seek to fill the lack and to get rid of the struggle in your life, or does your love animate and help you enjoy the lack and the struggle in your life?” -Peter Rollins
Distractions are inherently meaningless. Values are inherently meaningful. Pause, and then choose wisely. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Minimalism is the thing that gets us past the things so we can make room for life’s important things—which aren’t actually things at all. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Before you consume anything, ask yourself, ‘Is this useful? -The Minimalists
More money planning will result in less money problems. -Ryan Nicodemus
We lose our resilience to stress when we consistently pander to our comforts. -MJ Gordon
Living a simple life, you are able to prioritize what makes you happy. -The Minimalists
The best life is not a perfect life; the best life is a simple, meaningful life. -The Minimalists
One day or day one. You decide. -The Minimalists
Make change a must: Once your shoulds have turned into musts, then you are ready for change. -The Minimalists
Think carefully: your mind controls your actions and your actions shape your life. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The things that truly bring us joy are rarely things. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You can fix broken things even if you’re missing pieces. -The Minimalists
Don’t confuse your excitement with your passion. -The Minimalists
When we start preparing for everything, we soon realize we’re preparing for nothing—there’s always another worst-case scenario. -The Minimalists
Minimalism doesn’t eliminate desire; minimalism helps us to be less impulsive in an impulsive world. -Ryan Nicodemus
If we don’t make good decisions today, we’ll pay for our bad decisions tomorrow—with interest. -Joshua Fields Millburn
We better choose carefully what things we bring into our lives, because we can’t afford every-thing. -The Minimalists
Most purchases are unreasonable if you’re in debt. -Ryan Nicodemus
We needn’t let go of everything to move on. -The Minimalists
Identity is one of the hardest things to let go: it takes a lot to see ourselves differently. -The Minimalists
Let’s give our lives the consideration they deserve, and let’s start living more meaningful lives—lives we love. -The Minimalists
Completing the collection will not make you complete. -The Minimalists
Don’t reward yourself based on emotion. -The Minimalists
If you’re true to yourself, you needn’t wallow in rejection. -Ryan Nicodemus
Minimalism is a tool that can help you live a worthwhile life. -The Minimalists
Perhaps letting go of control is the best way to regain total control. -The Minimalists
When we pause for a moment, we can appreciate the present. -The Minimalists
On a long enough timeline everything is ephemeral. -The Minimalists
Other people’s expectations are just that—other people’s expectations. -Ryan Nicodemus
The bed is meant for two things, neither of which involve call logs or text messages. -The Minimalists
You must find leverage to break bad habits so you can construct better habits. -The Minimalists
The easiest way to organize your stuff is to get rid of most of it. -The Minimalists
We grow most significantly when we’re in our discomfort zone. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Hoarding is not a hobby. -The Minimalists
Start with the results you want to create, or you’ll pursue a purposeless aim. -T.K. Coleman
You are more than enough. -The Minimalists
Modern-day advertisers are nothing but aggregators of eyeballs. They get paid to encourage you to take action. -The Minimalists
If you don’t know what you want, then you’ll get everything you don’t want. -Joshua Fields Millburn
It’s easier to fast than to diet. -The Minimalists
It doesn’t matter how many kids or pets you have—it just makes your minimalism look a little different from others. -Ryan Nicodemus
Our real values can be signaled only by our actions, not our things. And yet we continue to amass new bits and pieces, adorning an empty facade with regalia, hoping to impress anyone who sees it. -The Minimalists
If you are living by your values, but aren’t happy, consider changing what you value. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Holding on to something incomplete will make you feel exactly that—incomplete. -The Minimalists
Diving into something new can be terrifying, or at least uncomfortable, but those feelings of discomfort are indicative of growth. -The Minimalists
Desire is what you long for; love is what you’re committed to. -T.K. Coleman
You must determine if you’re following someone else’s path, or if you’re following the path you want to follow. -The Minimalists
Excess is a sign of weakness. -Joshua Fields Millburn
It doesn’t matter what organized religion you belong to, or what god you worship: they all want you to live a simple life. -Ryan Nicodemus
We live in a world in which many people have different beliefs, different faiths. But God or no God, we can all live more deliberately. -The Minimalists
Removing the clutter is not the end result of minimalism—it is merely the first step. -Joshua Fields Millburn
We desire the desire of the ones we desire. -Peter Rollins
Limitations breed creativity. -The Minimalists
Fun stuff comes after less fun stuff. -Denaye Barahona
The best gift is the joy of less. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Don’t rely on gifts to express love. -The Minimalists
When you’re hopeless, find someone who’s hopeful. -Ryan Nicodemus
We were born to choose our path; we weren’t born onto any specific path. -The Minimalists
Minimalists don’t avoid material possessions; we avoid excess. Paradoxically, by owning less, things we own bring greater joy to our lives. -The Minimalists
You can’t force loved ones to support you—all you can do is ask them to. -The Minimalists
You can’t change the people around you, but you can change the people around you. -The Minimalists
Minimalism is more challenging as a family, but that’s why it’s more important. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Minimalism is not a way to escape consumption; minimalism is a way to consume responsibly. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If giving doesn’t fill you up inside, then it isn’t truly giving. -Randi Kay
In order to live a meaningful life you must align your short-term actions with your long-term values. -The Minimalists
People don’t hate change: they hate being changed. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The replacement for collecting is creating. -The Minimalists
Hate often masquerades as love, so tread lightly and with intention. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Being productive 24/7 is a distraction in itself. -Ryan Nicodemus
Good health doesn’t create success—it aids it. -Ryan Nicodemus
Our tools are just tools, and it is our responsibility to ask important questions about how and why we use them. -The Minimalists
Seek multiple opposing opinions and points-of-view to make fully informed decisions. -Ryan Nicodemus
Essential is perspectival. -The Minimalists
Political affiliation doesn’t matter as much as how you treat the people around you. -Ryan Nicodemus
Don’t let your amateur crastination turn pro. -The Minimalists
When you walk away from everything, the important things follow. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The best way to ruin a relationship is to try to control the other person in the relationship. -The Minimalists
There is no piece of insight—no matter who it comes from or how awesome it is—that isn’t fully capable of destroying your life if you don’t combine it with critical thinking and creativity. -TK Coleman
Ultimately, the only person’s expectations you must meet are your own. -The Minimalists
Deep work does not intersect with breaking news. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If you give up worry, there’s nothing to worry about. -Joshua Fields Millburn
When we jettison our superfluous possessions, we discover we’re already perfect—beautiful through and through. -The Minimalists
Better questions lead to better solutions. -The Minimalists
Minimalism can lead you to a better life, one that’s more exciting and fulfilling and satisfying and rewarding—a more meaningful life. -The Minimalists
Our brains and our bodies are not standing in separate rooms. -The Minimalists
To stay humble, constantly put yourself in a state of discomfort. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Our objects possess no meaning except the meaning we thrust upon them. -The Minimalists
Consider each ‘no’ as one step closer to a ‘yes’. -The Minimalists
Change isn’t impossible—it’s incremental. -The Minimalists
Decision is the antidote to stuckness. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The void most of us feel is a creative void—we’re so caught up in our consumeristic mindset we forget our inherent need to create. -The Minimalists
I have never been influenced by a social media influencer. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Technology has undoubtedly made our lives better—so much so we wouldn’t want to live without it—so we must find ways to live with it. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Our material clutter is a physical manifestation of our internal clutter: mental clutter, financial clutter, and spiritual clutter. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Raising one’s standards increases the quality of one’s life. -The Minimalists
How might your life be better if you owned fewer material possessions? -The Minimalists
Tomorrow’s road to success is paved by all of yesterday’s many small failures. -The Minimalists
Living intentionally helps us define what “better” means in the context of our own lives. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Find something to run toward. -The Minimalists
Art extends beyond the framed objects on our walls. -The Minimalists
Any storage unit either of us ever had was a burden. -The Minimalists
We need only work to earn enough money to live—not live to work. -The Minimalists
If you’re embarrassed by your things, you must let go of them or the embarrassment. -The Minimalists
The vehicle we regularly use isn’t nearly as important as sticking to our budget. -The Minimalists
If you find yourself acting out of alignment with your long-term values and beliefs, find a way to change your state. -The Minimalists
Gift-giving is not a love language any more than Pig Latin is a Romance language. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Our tools are just tools, and it is our responsibility to ask important questions about how and why we use them. -The Minimalists
Always prepare for the worst no matter how full your glass. -Ryan Nicodemus
Don’t let the past get in the way of a meaningful future. -The Minimalists
When we lose a favorite thing, it’s not long before a new favorite thing takes its place. -Ryan Nicodemus
You can do everything—but not at the same time. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Communicate via the media that actually brings you the most joy. -T.K. Coleman
We must become aware of what’s going on around us so ultimately we can be aware of what’s going on inside us. -The Minimalists
There are five transformative words to use whenever you’re asking something of others: ‘Would you be willing to…? -The Minimalists
Collecting is an impulse, but curation is a skill; and, when developing any skill, you need practice, and, sometimes, a mentor as well. -The Minimalists
It doesn’t matter what boulder you’re carrying: you picked it up, and you can set it down. -Ryan Nicodemus
Strive to live the life your future self will be proud of. -The Minimalists
When we tell others we’re ‘busy,’ we’re telling them our lives are out of control. -The Minimalists
Taking a physical inventory of your life is eye opening, and it helps you get rid of unnecessary items so you can appreciate what you do have. -The Minimalists
The simplest exercise is always the exercise you enjoy. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Follow your fear to find the root of your anxiety. -The Minimalists
Possessions have no intrinsic meaning, only the meaning we give to them. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Stop living the lie and start living your dream. -The Minimalists
Don’t confuse hustle with productivity, creativity, or quality. -Joshua Fields Millburn
What’s urgent usually isn’t what’s important. -The Minimalists
Too few is greater than too much. -The Minimalists
Holding on to stuff imprisons us; letting go is freeing. -Joshua Fields Millburn
We needn’t settle for someone else’s discontent. -The Minimalists
Forsaking your budget is far more harmful to you than forsaking quality. -The Minimalists
Excess is a sign of instability. -The Minimalists
Intentions are different from intentionality: setting intentions without committing to action is like buying a Thighmaster just so you can store it in your closet. -The Minimalists
Trophies look back; champions look forward. -The Minimalists
Contributing to someone’s life is the best way to get their attention. -Ryan Nicodemus
Debt is making your future self suffer for your current indiscretions. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You won’t see the sunrise if you’re facing westward. -The Minimalists
Sitting around and doing nothing while you’re happy will always lead to you being unhappy. -The Minimalists
People who say relationships are a lot of work might be in the wrong relationships. -Dr. Christopher Ryan
Confidence is a way to kill fear. -The Minimalists
Are you trying to live a simpler, more meaningful life? Stop trying; start living it. -The Minimalists
In order to live the best life, we must be prepared to change our mind. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Your home is your home for one reason: you call it your home. The stuff doesn’t make it your home—you do. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Job security is a misnomer when your security is in someone else’s hands. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Minimalism simply clears the road—not of everything, but of that which is blocking the way. -The Minimalists
Better to have spent a minute meditating than tweeting. -The Minimalists
Unquestionably, instability is the birthplace of chaos. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Nothing makes me happier than living a well-curated life. -Ryan Nicodemus
Don’t ask an unhappy man how to become happy. -The Minimalists
When you walk away from everything, the important things follow. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Practice doesn’t necessarily make you perfect, but it will make you better. -The Minimalists
Instead of jonesing for things, we must pursue those which are without definitive milestones: growth, contribution, love. -The Minimalists
What is driving you crazy may not be the tool itself, but how you’re using the tool. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Letting go of our stuff hurts us only when we conflate material with meaning. -The Minimalists
You can’t spend your way out of debt. -The Minimalists
If you can’t handle the shit you’re buried in, hire a professional shit cleaner. -Ryan Nicodemus
If news is always breaking, then it’s broken. -The Minimalists
The easiest way to organize your stuff is to get rid of most of it. -The Minimalists
Don’t just know what you want to do—know why you want to do. -Joshua Fields Millburn
There’s nothing inherently wrong with money. The question is—when we have access to more of it, what are we going to do with it? -Joshua Fields Millburn
Ideas are worthless without taking action. -The Minimalists
A meaningful life exists at the confluence of one’s values and actions. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Recognizing our past helps us best free ourselves from it. -Peter Rollins
It’s harder to be a minimalist with kids, but it’s so much more important. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If your phone is constantly “about to die,” then maybe it’s not the phone that has a problem. -Joshua Fields Millburn
No matter how one lives a meaningful life, showing always works better than telling. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Minimalism is about taking time to get rid of the excess in your life so you can live meaningfully and focus on what’s important. -The Minimalists
What’s the cost of not letting go? -The Minimalists
Now is the time for less. -Ryan Nicodemus
If we want to show our love for others, we must do so with our actions. -The Minimalists
Your friends reflect you, and you reflect them. -The Minimalists
It’s better to have done something badly than to not have done anything at all. -The Minimalists
Children learn more from conduct rather than counseling. -Ryan Nicodemus
The objects that add value today may not add value tomorrow, which means we must be willing to let go of everything. -The Minimalists
Gym memberships don’t make you fit; consistent actions make you fit. -Ryan Nicodemus
Hope is a loosely held expectation without a specific destination. -Joshua Fields Millburn
In order to stay focused with a full plate, we must learn the art of saying ‘no’. -The Minimalists
Happiness + Constant Improvement + Contribution = Success -The Minimalists
An appropriately appointed home will recharge you each day. -Bobby Berk
The key is to live a conscious life, one that is full of real meaning and happiness and fulfillment and freedom. -The Minimalists
When someone gives you a gift and they disrespect your wishes by doing that, you can do whatever you want with that gift. -The Minimalists
Criticism highlights the problem, while feedback actually highlights the solution. -The Minimalists
Opinions are just like yesterdays: everybody has them. -Chris Hogan
Before we let go, we must first loosen our grip. -The Minimalists
Our priorities aren’t what we say they are—they’re what we actually do. -The Minimalists
Buy less, choose well, and make it last. -The Minimalists
Splurging will never feel better than living up to one’s values and beliefs. -Ryan Nicodemus
Minimalism, as a lifestyle, is the art of letting go. -The Minimalists
You are not your stuff. You are not your jeans. You are not your television. You are not your car. You are not your bank account. You are not your vocation. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Minimalism is not a radical lifestyle: it is simply a way to bring balance to our lives. -The Minimalists
Growth isn’t unlike a horizon: you can travel toward it, but you’ll never “get there”; there will always be a new horizon to venture toward. -The Minimalists
Constraints are useful only when they increase our freedom. -The Minimalists
The benefits of minimalism are different and plentiful for everyone. -Ryan Nicodemus
Binary thinking will ultimately lead to grayscale rainbows. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Understanding the ‘why’ of your collecting will help you hold on tighter or let go faster. -The Minimalists
We needn’t look at all this mass-consumption and over-indulgence and believe it’s normal—it’s not. -The Minimalists
Without any boundaries, you’ll find you get nowhere. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If you continue to wait for “someday” to arrive—you’ll miss out on today’s meaningful creation. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Happiness is ephemeral, but living a meaningful life brings lasting rewards. -The Minimalists
Criticism is inevitable—unless you do nothing important with your life. -The Minimalists
Just as much of our stuff we cling to doesn’t add any value to our lives, many of our emotions we cling to don’t add any value. -The Minimalists
Food is not entertainment. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You get to determine whether an influence is a good influence or a bad influence. -The Minimalists
Good intentions often lack intentionality. -The Minimalists
Cleaning is an act of self-love—we take care of ourselves when we keep our spaces clean. -Melissa Maker
I’m not against money—I’m against money problems. -Ryan Nicodemus
You don’t get unstuck with more planning; you get unstuck with less friction. -Joshua Fields Millburn
When it comes to meditation, one minute counts. -The Minimalists
If you want a fulfilling profession, pursue your curiosity. -The Minimalists
If you take away a bad habit and don’t replace it with something good, it won’t be long before a bad habit is back in your life. -Ryan Nicodemus
Don’t be responsible to other people’s expectations. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Our expectations shape our mood. -The Minimalists
Easy just happens, but simple is planned, carefully curated, well executed. -The Minimalists
We never look in the rearview and wish we would have panicked more. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Extended travel with a partner is one of the best methods for testing compatibility. -Dr. Christopher Ryan
If you help other people solve their problems, it will not only be rewarding to you intrinsically—you’ll find a way to make money doing it, too. -The Minimalists
Create more and consume less—if we spend more time creating, we will spend less time consuming. -The Minimalists
As my needs change, my possessions change accordingly. -Joshua Fields Millburn
A schedule will help you plan your future so you don’t worry about it. -The Minimalists
If you pad your world, you’re never going to develop the callouses necessary to create something meaningful. -The Minimalists
The best way to eliminate mental clutter is to be as proactive as possible. -Ryan Nicodemus
You’ll know you’ve found your passion when it’s something you’re willing to bust your ass for. -The Minimalists
You can’t buy well-being, but you can buy tools to help you achieve well-being. -Joshua Fields Millburn
A meaningful life exists at the confluence of one’s values and actions. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Don’t talk about money problems until you create a budget. -Ryan Nicodemus
Tools are as useful as the user. -Ryan Nicodemus
No matter how hard we try, we’ll never reach the end of the Internet. So it’s best to put down our phones, shut our laptops, and embrace the glow of the sun—not the glow of our screens. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Don’t pursue the goal, pursue the ‘why’ behind the goal. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Buying diamonds is not evidence of everlasting devotion; commitment, trust, understanding—these are indications of devotion. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If you want to quit something, stop surrounding yourself with it. -Ryan Nicodemus
Planning is not creativity; creativity is creativity. -Ryan Nicodemus
Perspiration trumps aspiration. -The Minimalists
It’s okay to sacrifice your comfort as long as you’re not sacrificing your values. -The Minimalists
A congruent life is a well-lived life. -The Minimalists
Continuously upgrade your dreams to reflect the person that you’re always in the process of becoming. -T.K. Coleman
There’s no such thing as good debt. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You were not meant to do any one thing for the rest of your life. -The Minimalists
The best way to proselytize is not to proselytize. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Health is a journey, not a destination. -Ryan Nicodemus
Monks live with nothing; minimalists live with what’s appropriate. -Ryan Nicodemus
We must question what we hold close, otherwise we cling to everything. -Joshua Fields Millburn
For the most part’ is often most of the problem. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Apologizing to yourself for your past is an effective way to accept and let go. -The Minimalists
Once we let go of every thing, everything remains. -The Minimalists
Pursuing happiness is a fool’s errand. -The Minimalists
Don’t let perfection be the enemy of creation. -The Minimalists
A decision is not a real decision until it is a must; it is not a real decision until you feel it on your nerve endings. -The Minimalists
A miserable successful person is a failure. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You’re only as strong as your weakest value. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You will experience exponential growth if you fill your to-do list with your trepidations. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Asking loved ones for support is the best help you can ask for. -The Minimalists
Help people solve problems and the money will follow. -The Minimalists
Whenever we fail to make a decision, we fail to grow. -The Minimalists
Subtraction is greater than addition. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Intentionality is contagious. -Joshua Fields Millburn
As the seasons pass, some things get better with age and some things rot—it’s critical to recognize the difference. -The Minimalists
Don’t let other people’s ‘emergencies’ disrupt and dictate your calendar. -The Minimalists
Your dream school is an affordable school; your affordable school is a school you can graduate from debt-free. -Anthony ONeal
There’s an infinite amount of materials with which to build our lives—but sometimes the best way to build is to subtract. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Jealousy is a wasted emotion. -The Minimalists
The more we hold on to stuff, the more we let go of precious memories. -Ryan Nicodemus
What are you prepared to walk away from? -The Minimalists
Sometimes the reward is in the struggle. -The Minimalists
Sometimes the best thing to do is simply turn around. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Adult problems are youth problems left unresolved. -T.K. Coleman
Contributing beyond one’s self brings with it a sense of fulfillment that we can’t get from buying things. -The Minimalists
If you’re suffering, then you’re lost in thought. -Sam Harris
There’s comfort in singletasking. -Joshua Fields Millburn
No one on their deathbed says they regret not accumulating more stuff. -The Minimalists
Sometimes when you start going too fast you don’t get as far as you wanted to go. -The Minimalists
Most gift horses have tooth decay. -The Minimalists
Trying is the problem. Stop trying; start doing… -The Minimalists
Sometimes we have to wade through the waters of dislike before we arrive at something we love. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Trashing someone else’s stuff isn’t letting go—it’s theft. -The Minimalists
Extinguish the fire before rebuilding your home. -Joshua Fields Millburn
We must prioritize the ‘musts’ in our lives. -The Minimalists
Important changes are not easy, but they can be simple. -Joshua Fields Millburn
True cost of a thing goes well beyond the price on the pricetag. -The Minimalists
In helping a drowning person you may drown yourself. -The Minimalists
Nostalgia is a rose-colored rearview. -Joshua Fields Millburn
It’s impossible to keep it simple if you have an abundant supply of organizing materials. -The Minimalists
The shortest path toward freedom is: appreciating what you already have. -The Minimalists
A few things to consider before making a purchase: budget, occupied space, and hidden costs. -The Minimalists
Giving something up that isn’t good for you is not without its reward. -TK Coleman
Acknowledge small losses now so you’re not forced to address huge losses later. -The Minimalists
Sometimes we’re afraid to give up what we think we have. -The Minimalists
If we want to show our love for others, we must do so with our actions. -Joshua Fields Millburn
One misconception about minimalism is that it requires barren rooms, stark white walls, a vast emptiness. But it doesn’t. -The Minimalists
No matter how close to perfect you believe to be, you will always be judged. -The Minimalists
When facing an overwhelming challenge, it’s best to start with the ‘why,’ not the ‘how.’ -Joshua Fields Millburn
Simple is not easy. Purge relentlessly. Curate carefully. -Ryan Nicodemus
We all experience car crashes in life: the question isn’t about the crash—the question is about what we do after the crash. -Joshua Fields Millburn
One day: these two words are dangerous because they give us an excuse to shelve important decisions that radically influence our future. -The Minimalists
Letting go is painful—but not letting go proves more painful. -The Minimalists
Truth be told, our home is already complete. And the “perfect” bookshelf, couch, or chair won’t make our home more complete. -The Minimalists
We need to determine if we’re actually getting value from a memento from a relationship or if we’re hanging on to the memento to remember a past relationship. -The Minimalists
Presence is the best present. -Joshua Fields Millburn
A smaller house or apartment means less time cleaning and maintaining, more time to pursue your passions. -The Minimalists
You must be willing to walk away from anything if it’s no longer serving a purpose in your life. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You can be in a relationship with a brick wall if you love and accept it enough, but the question to ask is this: How do our relationships align with a meaningful life? -The Minimalists
What tiny decisions will you make today—not tomorrow, not next week, not next year, but today—that will sculpt your extraordinary life? -The Minimalists
As our circumstances change, our versions of the simple life must change, too. -The Minimalists
Don’t oversimplify and don’t overcomplicate. -The Minimalists
A life without boundaries is the most bound life. -Joshua Fields Millburn
We are what we desire. -The Minimalists
Your calendar reflects your true priorities. -The Minimalists
Even our favorite distractions are distracting. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The price of the thing is not the value of the thing. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Replace your routine with good habits. -The Minimalists
Go for the layup shots that are almost always guaranteed instead of always risking it for the three-point shots that aren’t guaranteed. -The Minimalists
Start your day with one small victory: make your bed. -The Minimalists
To get where you’re going, you must have a way to get there. -The Minimalists
The best way to give yourself a pay raise is to spend less money. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Minimalism is a quest to expose the essence to communicate the value. -The Minimalists
Don’t ask what the world needs—ask what makes you come alive, and go do it; what the world needs is people who have come alive. -Howard Thurman
As the chaos grows, so does the need to simplify. -The Minimalists
If you’re passionate about everything, you’re passionate about nothing. -Joshua Fields Millburn
It’s important to know your values—they illuminate the direction in which you must travel to experience a fulfilling life. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The things we collect become elements of us. But what happens when we take away our collections—are we not the same beautiful people? -The Minimalists
Money won’t solve all your problems, but it will solve your money problems. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Interest that you pay is a penalty; interest that you earn is a reward. -Chris Hogan
We must understand both the ‘what’ and the ‘why’ of decluttering to make positive, permanent changes. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Minimalism is about creating a simple life for yourself so you have the energy, time, and other resources to contribute beyond yourself in a meaningful way. -Ryan Nicodemus
If an economy collapses when people buy only their essentials, then it was never as strong as we pretended. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Most news isn’t newsworthy. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Someday is the single most dangerous word we utter: it grants us the illusion of future possibility without having to focus on that which is important today. -The Minimalists
Before you can forgive you must understand who you are forgiving and who the forgiving is actually for. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Even a great excuse is still an excuse. -The Minimalists
Every beautiful change takes time and action. -The Minimalists
Goals are never as powerful as someone’s internal motivations. -The Minimalists
Don’t buy anything at the grocery store that’s not on your grocery list. -The Minimalists
You can’t judge creations as they are forming—you just have to let them come out. -Jay Nash
You needn’t let go of everything today—just let go the best you can. -The Minimalists
Habits become unhealthy when they get in the way of you pursuing what you want to pursue. -The Minimalists
Minimalism is not just a well-curated home: minimalism is a well-curated life. -Ryan Nicodemus
Research is not writing. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Things don’t have a personality, but they can augment your personality. -The Minimalists
Minimalism, at its root, is more than just throwing away everything that you own. It’s about learning to thrive. -The Minimalists
Identity is one of the hardest things to let go: it takes a lot to see ourselves differently. -Ryan Nicodemus
Society breaks when profit is put ahead of people. -Ryan Nicodemus
Curators create space; collectors just fill space. -The Minimalists
Start with the easiest things so you gain momentum and confidence to tackle the most difficult things later. -The Minimalists
Leverage is recognizing what is beneath your wants, and then acting on that true desire of what you’re pursuing. -The Minimalists
The simplifying process, like life, is ever-changing. Minimalism is fluid. -The Minimalists
Chasing happiness is an endless pursuit. -Ryan Nicodemus
We live happier lives when we fulfill our own expectations rather than others’ expectations. -Ryan Nicodemus
When we consume less, we produce less waste. -The Minimalists
The world is at our fingertips, and it’s up to us to act accordingly. -The Minimalists
Frequency doesn’t equal friendship. -The Minimalists
You deserve to be free. -The Minimalists
Every time we let go, we build on the momentum we’ve gained from years of jettisoning, decluttering, purging. -The Minimalists
When getting rid of old possessions, sell whenever it makes sense. If you can’t sell in seven days, donate immediately. If you can’t donate, recycle. If you can’t recycle, trash it. -The Minimalists
The decisions we make today are not ephemeral. Our current decisions, even the small ones, impact our future selves. -The Minimalists
Minimalism didn’t change my values—it helped me discover what my values are. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Hurting is not growing. -The Minimalists
Collecting things you don’t need—things you don’t get value from—is tantamount to hoarding. -The Minimalists
The best way to contribute is to accept support from your loved ones, and to show your appreciation of them. -The Minimalists
What you’re chasing isn’t as important as why you’re chasing it. -Ryan Nicodemus
A parent’s job is not to order their children around; a parent’s job is to set boundaries. -The Minimalists
It’s okay to wait. Sometimes it’s okay to wait a little longer for something. Why rush if you don’t have to? Why not enjoy the journey? -The Minimalists
Instead of having a goal have a direction in which you want to travel. -The Minimalists
If it feels like too much, it’s too much. -The Minimalists
It’s easy to get what you want when you want less. -The Minimalists
Minimalism is a tool that can help us focus on living worthwhile lives by eliminating the superfluous in favor of the necessary and beautiful. -The Minimalists
You can’t know ‘there’ until you go there. -T.K. Coleman
Debt-free is the new pay raise. -The Minimalists
I will never go into debt to own the thing that takes me to work just so I can pay for the thing that takes me to work. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Never be afraid to ask for help in life: don’t let your ego get in the way of your progress. -Chris Hogan
A company’s relevance increases in direct proportion to the experiences it creates. -Ryan Nicodemus
If life has a purpose, it involves suffering and problem-solving. -Joshua Fields Millburn
See the things in your life as tools that augment your life. -The Minimalists
If you want to live a life of purpose, get clear on your values. -The Minimalists
Don’t confuse surviving with thriving. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Love is transcendent: it transcends language and material possessions and can be demonstrated only through our thoughts, actions, and intentions. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Accept life for what it is—a finite span of time with infinite possibilities. -The Minimalists
Giving is living: if we want to feel truly alive, we must give. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Be clear with others what you do want, rather than what you don’t want. -Joshua Fields Millburn
We must be content with what we currently have in order to appreciate something better. -Joshua Fields Millburn
To give your best to others you must first give your best to yourself. -Ryan Nicodemus
If it’s always exciting it’s probably an indicator it’s too comfortable—obstacles create the discomfort we need to grow. -The Minimalists
Temporary habits are almost as bad as no habits at all. -Ryan Nicodemus
What if everything you ever wanted isn’t what you actually want? -The Minimalists
Want to eat healthfully? Quit smoking? Run a marathon? Write a novel? Quit your soul-crushing job? Travel the world? Start a blog? You can. -The Minimalists
It’s fine to run away from something as long as you’re running toward something else. -The Minimalists
We must do the things that people in the future will want to write about and read about and dream about as they’re taking action to shape their own future. -Pete Buttigieg
It’s not how any of us starts—it’s how any of us finishes. -Anthony ONeal
There is no single, definitive definition of success. -The Minimalists
Creation leads to contentment. -The Minimalists
Create boundaries or you’ll hold on to everything. -The Minimalists
A well-executed mediocre idea is infinitely more beautiful than a magnificent idea not acted upon. -The Minimalists
If you don’t ever start letting go, you’re going to be waiting the rest of your life. -Ryan Nicodemus
Want a better answer? Ask a better question. -The Minimalists
Don’t sacrifice what you want to do most for what you want to do now. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Before moving on to a new job, ensure the next job more closely aligns with your values and beliefs—or you’ll just find yourself in the same situation. -The Minimalists
Don’t just say ‘no’ for the sake of saying ‘no’—be clear on what you’re saying ‘yes’ to. -Ryan Nicodemus
Creating is creating, regardless of your location. -The Minimalists
Renting is simply paying for the freedom to walk away. -Ryan Nicodemus
Perfect is the nemesis of meaningful. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Consumerism encourages us to commodify our own identities. If we really want to dazzle others, though, we won’t do so via our possessions. Not in a meaningful way, at least. -The Minimalists
Creativity is portable. -The Minimalists
Capitalism is awesome. Crony capitalism, however, is ruining our environment and depleting our resources. -The Minimalists
You will be more complete without the incomplete objects in your life. -The Minimalists
It’s easy to get what you want when you want less. -The Minimalists
You won’t get to your destination by taking their path. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Not everything that adds value today will add value tomorrow. -The Minimalists
Our readiness to walk away from ideas or habits means we’re willing to grow—we’re willing to pursue a better version of ourselves. -The Minimalists
If we are constantly consuming, then we are not creating. -The Minimalists
When we strive to question everything, our actions become more deliberate. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Faith and doubt are two sides of the same coin. -Ryan Nicodemus
Minimalism is not an end-goal; minimalism is a lifestyle. -The Minimalists
Our time is our freedom. -The Minimalists
Before organizing, pretreat your possessions by getting rid of most of them. -Joshua Fields Millburn
My perception of me is more important than others’ perception of me. -Ryan Nicodemus
You can give yourself permission to get rid of the pressure. You are already perfect without it. -The Minimalists
Freedom is not free—freedom is something you have to take. -T.K. Coleman
Once you finally reach the horizon, there’s always a new horizon. -Joshua Fields Millburn
No boundaries equals no impulse control. -Ryan Nicodemus
Knowing the ‘why’ behind the ‘what’ makes the ‘how’ significantly more manageable. -The Minimalists
Err on the side of quality, not trendy. -Ryan Nicodemus
Dogma is the enemy of understanding. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Minimalism is applicable to anyone. Anyone with an open mind, that is. -The Minimalists
Removing excess is an important part—but it’s just one ingredient. If we’re concerned solely with the stuff, we’re missing the larger point. -The Minimalists
An obligation to produce will almost always kill creativity. -Joshua Fields Millburn
“Here, I made this meal for you,” will always be more powerful than, “Watch me eat this in front of you.” -The Minimalists
Giving in to fear begets more fear. -Ryan Nicodemus
Labels are like material possessions: they are necessary, but we don’t need to give them as much meaning as we often do. -The Minimalists
The only way to get caught up on the Web is to avoid getting caught up in its web. Only then can we return to our devices and use them, rather than them using us. -Joshua Fields Millburn
It doesn’t matter which prophet you follow—or if you follow a prophet at all—living a simple life is the secret to a good life. -Ryan Nicodemus
Excuses to collect are plentiful—focus instead on curating a meaningful life. -The Minimalists
Some cultures consider competition to be a mental illness. -The Minimalists
Compromising our values to gain approval is a recipe for discontent. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Your parents didn’t bust their asses for years to raise you so you could go do something you hate. -The Minimalists
Circumstances change, and thus, we must change: we must continue to evolve and grow if we expect to be happy. -The Minimalists
Abandon the permission-based mindset. -T.K. Coleman
Letting go begins with loosening your grip. -Joshua Fields Millburn
We learn from what we’ve learned. -The Minimalists
If you let life keep on lifing, it’ll just take care of itself. -Nate Green
No one is sitting around just contemplating how they can help you find your dream job. -Ken Coleman
Rich or poor, married or single, black or white, simplifying one’s life can only benefit one’s circumstances. -The Minimalists
If a relationship is missing support or respect, it’s guaranteed to be pernicious. -The Minimalists
If you wait until you’re completely ready, you may never let go of anything. -The Minimalists
Minimalism is about living deliberately, and preparing for death is one of the most deliberate things we can do. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Helping is helpful, unless the people you’re helping don’t want help. -The Minimalists
The fewer things we own, the fewer things we must clean. -The Minimalists
If we want to feel great tomorrow, we better make the right decisions right now. -Joshua Fields Millburn
We often collect things to mask our hoarding. -The Minimalists
There’s an official rulebook for minimalism—and you’re the author of your own book. -The Minimalists
Don’t let money be the primary driver for doing what you do—but don’t kid yourself that it’s not part of the equation, either. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Create to create—not to reach an objective. -The Minimalists
There is little correlation between happiness and stuff. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Some stigmas are useful, other stigmas are a byproduct of fear—so choose your stigmas wisely. -The Minimalists
Every foundation was once a ditch. -Joshua Fields Millburn
We can focus on what we have instead of what we don’t have. -The Minimalists
Our freedom corresponds directly with our ability to walk away from anything. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Possessions have no intrinsic meaning, only the meaning we give to them. -The Minimalists
With or without a beautiful facade, the Truth is always more satisfying than even the prettiest lie. -The Minimalists
The best way to declutter is to avoid new clutter before it enters your home. -The Minimalists
‘No’ is a decision; ‘yes’ is a responsibility. -James Clear
There is only today. -The Minimalists
Our choices influence other people. -The Minimalists
Self-care is a daily brushing of the mind, body, and soul. -Randi Kay
The best way to forgive yourself is to consistently be honest and freely forgive no matter how uncomfortable it is. -Ryan Nicodemus
Reclaim a little bit of certainty each day to start beating depression. -The Minimalists
It’s not just okay to have doubts—it’s not okay to not have doubts. -Erwin McManus
You’re going to have to let go to move on. -Joshua Fields Millburn
A cart has never pulled a horse. -Joshua Fields Millburn
We all have a general lack of self-awareness when it comes to self-awareness. -Eric Weinstein
It is impossible to have the peaks without the valleys. -The Minimalists
An item that is sentimental for us can be useful for someone else. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Time is the only thing we all share in common: we all have the same 24 hours in a day. Let’s use them wisely. -The Minimalists
Spending four years of careless spending will force you into eight years of careful budgeting. -Ryan Nicodemus
Having Jimi Hendrix’s guitar does not make you Jimi Hendrix. -The Minimalists
Sometimes the best teacher is our most recent failure. -The Minimalists
People who challenge your values and beliefs are not entitled to a response. -Ryan Nicodemus
Oxygen is anxiety’s enemy. -The Minimalists
If it doesn’t fit, you must deep-six. -The Minimalists
Expensive things can be laudable commodities if they augment our life experience. -The Minimalists
Be real with yourself about what you want, take ownership of your path, and don’t be a victim about it. -T.K. Coleman
A kind person is the best kind of person. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Sometimes everything you ever wanted isn’t actually what you want. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Everything is ephemeral: on a long enough timeline, everything ends. -The Minimalists
The hallmarks of the past have a strange way of leaving claw marks on the present. -The Minimalists
Don’t be burdened by other people’s burdens. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Adding value begets value. -Ryan Nicodemus
The more we grow, the more we have to give. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Letting go is not only freeing, it’s free—no purchase necessary. -The Minimalists
Don’t write stories in lieu of living them. -The Minimalists
It’s wise to stop to get a lay of the land before you change course. -The Minimalists
Our things should add value to our lives: they should augment, enhance, or amplify our experiences. Which means, fine, get that new coffee table if it makes sense. But it simply doesn’t make sense if the reason is completion. -The Minimalists
Internal clutter gets in the way of love; thus, to love ourselves, we must let go of that which is in the way: emotional clutter, psychological clutter, spiritual clutter, mental clutter, existential clutter. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If your destination is happiness, consumerism is not a through street. -The Minimalists
You learn how to create value by creating value. -T.K. Coleman
We must vigilantly adopt and practice responsible behaviors when we have few resources to prevent amplification of our irresponsible behaviors as we acquire more resources. -The Minimalists
Advertisements create needs that aren’t actually needs. -The Minimalists
If we do less, we can be more. -The Minimalists
The way things have always been done is not the way things have to be done. -Jason Zook
Motion moves emotions. -The Minimalists
The truth is, you can skip the pursuit of happiness altogether and just be happy. -The Minimalists
Collectibles are best collected in a museum. -The Minimalists
Contentment is internal, and it is possible to be content with nothing or with a room full of stuff. -The Minimalists
When everyone is looking for more, we can focus on less. -The Minimalists
Every boulder you picked up, you can put down. -The Minimalists
When we make room for the silence, we’re able to clean up the emotional, mental, and spiritual clutter that drives us mad. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Minimalism is the thing that gets us past the things so we can make room for life’s important things—which aren’t actually things at all. -The Minimalists
You don’t always get what you pay for. -Ryan Nicodemus
A rolex will never buy you more time. -The Minimalists
If you genuinely believe you have a way of communicating that offends no one, you are naive. -T.K. Coleman
Let it go: it’s just stuff. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Be less motivated by the outcome and be more motivated by the standard. -The Minimalists
Walking toward the right obligations allows us to leave behind obligations that don’t serve us. -The Minimalists
Stand your ground even if you can’t find common ground. -Joshua Fields Millburn
In time, even the most useful belongings become irrelevant. After which, we must let go, lest we cling to irrelevance. -The Minimalists
Routines are ‘shoulds’; habits are ‘musts. -The Minimalists
The only way to know if something is a better fit for you is to try it on. -T.K. Coleman
3 Ways to Extend Battery Life 1. Switch to Airplane Mode. 2. Shove it in a drawer. 3. Do something that doesn’t involve a glowing screen. -The Minimalists
Doing is often the opposite of helping. -The Minimalists
If you take away a bad habit and don’t replace it with something good, it won’t be long before a bad habit is back in your life. -Ryan Nicodemus
It’s OK to toss the stuff if it’s not adding value to your life: donate, sell, recycle. Let go so you can focus on what’s important. -The Minimalists
Minimalism simply clears the road—not of everything, but of that which is blocking the way. -The Minimalists
A bad habit is better replaced than avoided. -Joshua Fields Millburn
There’s nothing wrong with hard work, as long as it doesn’t get in the way of life’s more important areas: health, relationships, passion. -The Minimalists
We’re all different: what we need is different for each of us. -The Minimalists
If we want to feel great tomorrow, we better make the right decisions right now. -The Minimalists
You don’t have to share a bloodline with someone for them to be family. -The Minimalists
Keep your day job until you’re the only one that’s stopping you from scaling on your side hustle. -Jordan Harbinger
Too often we confuse talking about work with actually performing work. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Hope is a power stance—craving is not. -V
Pain can be useful, but not suffering. Pain lets us know something is wrong: it indicates we must change what we’re doing. -The Minimalists
Hard work isn’t the same as meaningful work. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Without a cellphone, without the Internet, without a television, the world keeps turning. -The Minimalists
A well-curated exterior is an indication of a well-curated interior. -Ryan Nicodemus
Content people don’t have the best of things, but they make the best of things. -Anthony ONeal
Shopping is not a way to experience life. -The Minimalists
Confidence is key when navigating through people’s judgments: an intentional life is a path to confidence. -The Minimalists
Some stigmas are useful, other stigmas are a byproduct of fear—so choose your stigmas wisely. -The Minimalists
We live happier lives when we fulfill our own expectations rather than others’ expectations. -Ryan Nicodemus
In order to have a good plan, you must be clear on three things: your outcome, why you want that outcome, and the massive actions steps needed to reach your desired outcome. -Ryan Nicodemus
You want a little friction in your life so you have traction to move forward and grow. -The Minimalists
Showing respect is the best method of persuasion. -The Minimalists
If all you’re doing is aspiring, then you’ll end up with aspiration all over the place. -The Minimalists
Big life changes don’t happen overnight: Give yourself time. Put in the effort. You’ll be surprised with what can happen in a year. -The Minimalists
The more you’re willing to sacrifice, the quicker you will get out of debt. -Rachel Cruze
Things don’t complete us. We are already complete. -The Minimalists
My priorities aren’t what I say they are—they’re what I actually do. -Ryan Nicodemus
No matter how we contribute, it’s important to add value in an authentic way—without an ulterior motive—genuine and helpful and unassuming. -The Minimalists
Sometimes you just need to make the change and push through the initial frustration. -The Minimalists
Constraints breed creativity. -The Minimalists
Don’t bring stuff into your life that you know you’ll become attached to. -The Minimalists
If something is too precious for me, I try to figure out a way to let it go. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Life is about growth and contribution, not perfection. -The Minimalists
If you’re feeling angst because you suspect your actions are not aligning with your values and beliefs, something has to change. -Ryan Nicodemus
How might your life be better with less? -Joshua Fields Millburn
If you’re taking actions that forsake your values and beliefs, you’ll never be happy. -The Minimalists
Baggage weighs us down only when we refuse to set it down. -The Minimalists
Discover what’s essential to reach your objective, and then eliminate the rest. -The Minimalists
Minimalism is a tool to help you say ‘yes’ to that which is most important and meaningful. -The Minimalists
Letting go is the ultimate superpower. -Joshua Fields Millburn
It’s impossible to put negatives in and expect positives out. -Chris Hogan
Root yourself in the day—don’t mire yourself in the minutiae of things that haven’t come to pass. -The Minimalists
Don’t focus on what people are loving—focus on the hearts doing the loving. -T.K. Coleman
Minimize carefully—that which is essential for the next person may be nonessential for you. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Be proud of your creations instead of your possessions. -The Minimalists
If you go searching for anxiety, you will find it. -The Minimalists
If we live overwhelming lives, it doesn’t take much for us to feel like we’ve lost control. -Ryan Nicodemus
When we feel empty inside, it is us ourselves who’ve created that void—and only us who can fill it. -The Minimalists
Coolness is perspectival. It’s all based on your perspective. It’s up to you to decide what is cool. -The Minimalists
The Internet is the logic and language by which all human experience is increasingly mediated. -Ramesh Srinivasan
As parents, we teach our children to pick their battles, but we, too, must pick our battles carefully. -The Minimalists
Creations that add value will always forge their own demands. -Ryan Nicodemus
Hoarding is the new second-hand smoking. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The ability to not act on every impulse is what makes us better human beings. -The Minimalists
The power to discern between criticism and feedback will help you get the most out of rejection. -Ryan Nicodemus
Someday is not a day of the week. -Joshua Fields Millburn
A watch tells the time; a twenty thousand dollar Rolex tells people you have issues. -Dr. Christopher Ryan
Make it a habit to delete those things that seem urgent but that are actually not important. -The Minimalists
If you truly love someone—and it’s a toxic relationship—sometimes the best way to love them is from a distance. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Once you’ve created something and tossed it into the world, it’s impossible to know how far the ripples will undulate. -The Minimalists
You don’t need anyone’s approval but your own. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If someone likes you for who you are trying to be, then it is not you that they like. -The Minimalists
Honest communication creates lasting relationships. -Ryan Nicodemus
Embrace the healthy tension. -Ryan Nicodemus
It’s okay to toss the stuff not adding value to your life: donate it, sell it, recycle it. Let go so you can focus on what’s important. -The Minimalists
Maintain high standards and low expectations. -The Minimalists
An idea is worth nothing without taking immediate action. -The Minimalists
Make sure you’re creating for the right reasons. -The Minimalists
It didn’t take you a day to get out of debt, and it’s not going to take you a day to get out of debt. -The Minimalists
Our tools are only as good (or bad) as the person using them. -The Minimalists
Lower your expectations; raise your standards. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Happiness is a byproduct of a meaningful life. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Imperfect is the new perfect. -The Minimalists
Happiness isn’t the objective—a meaningful life is. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Enough is in the eye of the beholder. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Don’t let anyone’s opinions stop you from doing what your heart truly yearns to do. -Griffin House
Worry less about how something looks—worry more about how it makes you feel. -Ryan Nicodemus
If Armageddon is coming, we won’t be able to stop it by being bummed about it. -Matt Nathanson
A new light on old ideas changes how they are perceived. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Today’s convenience is often tomorrow’s headache. -Joshua Fields Millburn
To live life to the fullest, we must seek different perspectives—no matter how uncomfortable they make us. -Ryan Nicodemus
Producing something truly valuable is what actually matters. -Cal Newport
Relevance is irrelevant if we’re not first contributing something of value. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Debt-free is the new American Dream. -Ryan Nicodemus
The best meal is the meal you could have had one more bite of. -Andrew Schulz
Sharing our pain with our partner is a hallmark of love, but we mustn’t batter our loved ones with our suffering. -The Minimalists
Some of the worst experiences in my life are some of the best experiences in my life. -The Minimalists
A comfortable life is not remotely a virtuous pursuit. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Short-sighted entrepreneurs focus on hustling over adding value. -Ryan Nicodemus
Every upgrade is also a downgrade. -The Minimalists
A comfortable life is not a meaningful life. -The Minimalists
Discontent is birthed at the place where our values don’t align with our actions. -The Minimalists
Traditions are birthed out of today’s actions. -The Minimalists
Physical attachments to material items are non-transferrable. -The Minimalists
Letting go is instantaneous; letting go takes forever. -The Minimalists
It’s not worth creating if everyone likes it. -The Minimalists
No response is often the most appropriate response. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Looks do matter in terms of attraction; but, in terms of long-term compatibility, values matter more. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Don’t mistake others’ happiness for your own. -The Minimalists
The important things are rarely actual things. -Joshua Fields Millburn
How miserable are you willing to be to impress the people around you? -Joshua Fields Millburn
Curation is the deliberate collection of that which adds value to our lives. -The Minimalists
Without curators, anyone can put up ‘art’ in a museum. -The Minimalists
A planned respite isn’t procrastination anymore than a planned car crash is an accident. -The Minimalists
Our beliefs must be anchored in our values. -The Minimalists
Sometimes we must slow down to avoid going too far. -The Minimalists
You can’t fix a problem until you see the problem. -The Minimalists
Patience is paramount. -The Minimalists
Sometimes the best way to love someone is from a distance. -The Minimalists
The road to support is paved with understanding. -The Minimalists
The more we pursue meaning, the more things will fall into place. -Ryan Nicodemus
Find people you want to emulate. -Ryan Nicodemus
Prioritize discovery over dogma. -TK Coleman
The more values and beliefs two people share, the more fruitful the relationship. -The Minimalists
You get more when you give more. -The Minimalists
Most breaking news is already broken. -The Minimalists
Whatever you can’t live without doing for the next year is what you should be focusing on. -The Minimalists
Focus on the most important question to craft your career: ‘What gives me the best shot at being exceptional?’ -T.K. Coleman
Continuously avoiding things we dislike stunts our growth. -The Minimalists
A good opportunity is not necessarily the right opportunity. -The Minimalists
Learning from others’ mistakes is a good idea, as is learning from others’ successes, but there’s rarely only one way to do something. -The Minimalists
Don’t let others’ expectations dictate your decisions. -Ryan Nicodemus
Don’t confuse schooling with education. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You learn more about the ideas you study when you have real world experience to weigh them against. -T.K. Coleman
What would you be willing to do if it cost you everything? -T.K. Coleman
You have to love your life for it to become livable. -T.K. Coleman
Responsible stewards of marketing are considerate of other people’s needs, and they’re focused on helping them fulfill those needs without bothering them. -The Minimalists
Celebrate the small wins instead of fretting over the huge loss that you’ve built up in your head. -The Minimalists
Focusing too much on our tools gives us an unearned sense of accomplishment: purchasing the same shoes as LeBron James won’t make you a better basketball player; however, acquiring and refining skills through practice, through taking action, will make you a better anything. -The Minimalists
Eat real food, close to its natural state. -The Minimalists
Starting over requires forgiving yourself and moving forward in a way that aligns with your values and beliefs. -The Minimalists
You will become what you focus on. -The Minimalists
I am not my stuff. We are more than our possessions. -The Minimalists
If you wait around for everyone else to become a minimalist before you become a minimalist, you will never yourself become a minimalist. -The Minimalists
When it comes to prioritizing, calendar is the ally and procrastination is the enemy. -The Minimalists
To make your habits a priority, make your habits both important and urgent. -The Minimalists
Simple ain’t simplistic. -The Minimalists
Hobbies aren’t the way to happiness, but they do make life far more interesting. -The Minimalists
Wherever focus goes, energy flows. -The Minimalists
Start with small victories. -The Minimalists
When you give yourself permission to waste time, intentionally wasting time—which, then, actually isn’t a waste at all. -The Minimalists
We are nothing more than dogs thrashing in the collars of our self-imposed demands. -The Minimalists
There isn’t always a right way or a wrong way to do things, but there is a right way and a wrong way to do things for yourself. -The Minimalists
No matter what, you can always say ‘no.’ -The Minimalists
Leverage to replace bad habits with good habits lies in finding what better aligns with your values and beliefs. -The Minimalists
Our childhood shapes us, but, once we leave our childhood home, we get to form how we want our lives to be. -The Minimalists
If you can cultivate one minimalist superpower, make it the minimalist superpower of detachment. -The Minimalists
Complacency is not the birthplace of contentment. -The Minimalists
To have a job that brings you security just so you can live a life that you hate is never worth it. -Ryan Nicodemus
Everybody worships something. There is no such thing as not worshipping. Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship. -The Minimalists
All those things we thought we were going to need ‘just in case,’ we’re actually not going to need. -Joshua Fields Millburn
It’s important to continuously challenge our children because it simultaneously challenges us. -Joshua Fields Millburn
No physical good is going to make your life happier or more complete. -The Minimalists
People hate change, but people hate being changed even more. -Ryan Nicodemus
Get a plan in place or be lost forever. And be prepared to learn along the way: if your plan fails, readjust—but never give up. -Ryan Nicodemus
No matter what, we always miss out on something; therefore, it’s important to replace ‘the fear of missing out’ with ‘the joy of missing out. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Intentional creators focus on creating value, not urgency. -Joshua Fields Millburn
When you don’t know the answer to something, the three most powerful words are ‘I don’t know.’ -Joshua Fields Millburn
When you take a meaningful path, the benefits are plentiful. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Don’t just say ‘no’ for the sake of saying ‘no’—be clear on what you’re saying ‘yes’ to. -Ryan Nicodemus
Simplicity involves unburdening your life and living lightly with fewer distractions. -The Minimalists
We always get more whenever we give. -The Minimalists
Be happy in your relationships—let go of the shitty ones. -The Minimalists
We cannot buy a meaningful life. We can only live it. -The Minimalists
With fewer distractions and more focus, fulfillment follows. -The Minimalists
Minimalism is not only an aesthetic. -The Minimalists
If your actions don’t align with your values, you’ll continue to experience a chasm of discontent. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Temporary habits are almost as bad as no habits at all. -Ryan Nicodemus
There are two reasons we don’t let go: fear and greed. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Our material possessions are a physical manifestation of what’s going on inside us. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You’ll never reach the end of the Internet, so stop trying. -Joshua Fields Millburn
The less we let in, the less we have to let go. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Engagement is an action; overwhelm is an emotion. When we are overwhelmed by our actions, we must focus. -Joshua Fields Millburn
A willingness to let go is life’s most mature virtue. -The Minimalists
What are your priorities? There are 168 hours in a week—plan accordingly. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Our priorities are what we do, not what we say they are. -Ryan Nicodemus
Values are the bedrock of friendship. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Letting go of our attachment to stuff is difficult, but necessary. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Showing respect is the best method of persuasion. -Ryan Nicodemus
Letting go is a beautiful cycle: the more action you take, the more you want to take action. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Consumption is an unquenchable thirst. -Ryan Nicodemus
If we decide to create more, and consume less, the world around us will transform through a tidal wave of purpose. -The Minimalists
You have permission to keep anything that adds value to your life. And you have permission to keep anything that doesn’t. -The Minimalists
Health is not a destination; it is a vehicle. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Together we can make significant improvements to the world around us by consuming less and contributing more. -The Minimalists
What tiny decisions will you make today that will sculpt your extraordinary life? -The Minimalists
There is a vast difference between being busy and being focused. -The Minimalists
Real relevance—true, lasting importance in this world—comes from the influence we yield. -The Minimalists
Don’t dwell on the past. Don’t worry about the future. Be on the mountain. Just. Be. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Awareness is the most precious kind of freedom. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You needn’t be defined by your past. And certainly, your future does not have to look like your past, unless you allow it to. -The Minimalists
You deserve to be free. -Joshua Fields Millburn
One’s true worth is not determined by his or her net worth. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Once we wake up—once we open our eyes and see the benefits of a more meaningful life—all the ads in the world won’t faze us. -The Minimalists
Some debts you can repay only by traversing the world with kindness and respect and intentionality. -The Minimalists
Let it go. It’s just stuff. -The Minimalists
If there is something in your life that you’ve been wavering on, a decision of should I or shouldn’t I, just act on what you know is right. -The Minimalists
Minimalism helps us feel less stressed by letting go of our vapid problems like consumerism, and replacing them with more empowering problems. -The Minimalists
Judge a system by its actual effects, not the intentions that drive it. -T.K. Coleman
A tribe unites against a common enemy; a community unites around a common cause. -Joshua Fields Millburn
It’s never too late to start saving for retirement. -Ryan Nicodemus
Billboards are the original pop-up ads. -Joshua Fields Millburn
You may not need a budget in order to know how poor you are, but you do need a budget in order to know how you’re underestimating the hidden sources of wealth in your life. -T.K. Coleman
‘Trendy’ is a euphemism for ‘soon-to-be-out-of-date.’ -Joshua Fields Millburn
A simple life is not an easy life: a forest fire is easy; a campfire is simple. -Joshua Fields Millburn
One’s lust is not the problem—it’s the solution to a problem. -Peter Rollins
Lifestyle changes are more effective than dieting. -Ryan Nicodemus
If you didn’t need it five minutes ago, you probably don’t need it now. And even if you do, it wouldn’t hurt to wait. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Plans are useless without action. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If life has a purpose, it involves suffering and problem-solving. -Joshua Fields Millburn
If we live overwhelming lives, it doesn’t take much for us to feel like we’ve lost control. -Ryan Nicodemus
Granular changes produce grandiose results. -Joshua Fields Millburn
When you feel good, you do good. -Alex Banayan
Money isn’t everything, but it’s also not nothing. -Joshua Fields Millburn
It’s okay to be wrong—we are human after all—but it’s not okay to be wrong about the same thing over and over again. -The Minimalists
We all experience car crashes in life: the question isn’t about the crash—the question is about what we do after the crash. -The Minimalists
If the best part of waking up is Folgers in your cup, then something’s wrong. -The Minimalists
It’s time to make some new rules. Today. Empowering rules—rules that will help us grow. -The Minimalists
Seek growth and you will grow, endeavor to give to others and you will contribute, love others and your cup will overflow. -The Minimalists
Simple ain’t easy. -The Minimalists
We are what we focus on. -The Minimalists
Our level of self-worth is directly affected by the rules we’ve built for ourselves. -The Minimalists
Minimalism isn’t meant to be one-size-fits-all. -The Minimalists
Allowing others to offend us is natural—a default setting—but it is also unnecessary. -The Minimalists
When you’re completely focused in the moment, it makes a marked difference in the lives of the people around you. -The Minimalists
Organizing is not nearly as freeing as letting go. -The Minimalists
Rules can be arbitrary, restrictive, boring—but they are often helpful when we hope to make a change. -Ryan Nicodemus
If your material possessions don’t serve a purpose or bring you joy, then they are likely in the way of a more meaningful life. -The Minimalists
Comparing yourself to others as a guide to live life is a sure way to discontent. Instead, follow your values and beliefs. -The Minimalists
Creativity sits in the absence of consumption. -The Minimalists
A pound of experiences is much more valuable than a pound of stuff. -The Minimalists
There’s nothing wrong with earning money, but the money alone will not make you happy. -The Minimalists
Once our basic needs are met, the acquisition of trinkets does little for our lifelong well-being. -The Minimalists
We all have an identity, but what we often don’t realize is that our identities are shaped by our daily actions. -The Minimalists
The next time someone asks what you do, try this: Don’t give them your job title. Instead, tell them what you’re passionate about. -The Minimalists
There’s nothing wrong with an occasional rerun, a glance in the rearview—but then look forward, and let go of the rest. -The Minimalists
You’ll survive living with what’s essential, but you’ll thrive living with what adds value. -Ryan Nicodemus
Sometimes it takes a breakdown to experience a breakthrough. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Keep track of how many times you get up, not how many times you fall. -Ryan Nicodemus
Emotional support is the antidote for emotional eating. -Ryan Nicodemus
Don’t confuse pleasure with well-being. -Joshua Fields Millburn
Data is good, but it’s useless without corrective and supportive lifestyles. -Becca Shern
It’s hard to fix a problem without a name. -Joshua Fields Millburn
When you feel off, stop guessing—start testing. -Adam Lamb